In the last lecture I was already mentioning that.
Get all the takes the payoff to element.
What that I mean with that.
It's very simple.
You can specify a payoff here because you might have a nested form let's say user name and email should
be inside a form group.
We use such forms in the template driven approach too.
So here we could create a form group named user data.
And now this is a new form group again form group is not only there to be used on the overall form that
just happens to be a foreign group too but you can still have form groups in the form groups.
So here we could have a form group which of course like the outer form group for the overall form also
takes a javascript object.
And now we can add our form controls inside of this group.
So now we have a nested form.
We need to reflectors and our aged hemol template because right now if we have a look at our form it
will break.
You'll see this in the console.
We get an error because correctly it cannot find a control with the name user name because on the overall
form there is no such control.
It's nested in the User Data form group.
So first of all we need to update our synchronization and we easily do this by wrapping our form controls
here in another element like a div for example.
So the email and user name would be the two controls we can wrap in there to replicate the structure
we have and the types object.
And on this Dith we placed the form group name directive.
So you kind of could see the schema here foreign control name to tail angular which property in our
types of object representing the form relates to which input and form group name to tell it the same
for a form group.
So depending on whether you have new form group or new form control here.
So here to form group name is user data with a capital D.
And now with this tiny edition I don't need to change anything else.
It's almost working again but we still get those error.
Here are different areas but still related to the topic that valid cannot be read on now.
Well that makes sense because get user names still fails because what are we trying to do here.
We try to get a volume control with the name user name on our sign up for an we don't have this year.
We have a nested user data but that's not the same.
So we need to Apptd get to point the part or to contain the pop to that username and that would be user
data dot username and it's as simple as this.
You structure your POV separated with dots.
So if you have a new object just place a dot in between.
So that's pasted everywhere where we used one of these nested controls for email as well.
Therefore And if we now save this it should update and not display any errors any more.
Instead we should see the behavior we saw before with the messages we get if we enter invalid Tator
because now the form is working again taking into account form groups.
So nesting inside of our For now.
And as you saw it was really easy to reflect this in our age HTML code.
It's all about keeping that in sync.
In the end